Create Elastic OpenTelemetry Collector docs (#1)
elastic/opentelemetry: docs/collector-limitations.md

> # Elastic OpenTelemetry Collector limitations

Reviewer: For titles:
Elastic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector or 
Elastric Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector or

For body when we really need to shorten it
Elastic OTel Collector

Reviewer: @ishleenk17 can you please review this section?

Reviewer: >For titles:
Elastic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector or
Elastric Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector or

>For body when we really need to shorten it
Elastic OTel Collector

As proposed in the slack channel:
| Full name                                            | Shortened name for docs body text  |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
| Elastic Distributions for OpenTelemetry              | EDOT                               |
| Elastic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector     | EDOT Collector                     |
| Elastic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Java Agent   | EDOT Java Agent                    |
| Elastic Distribution for OpenTelemetry .NET SDK        | EDOT .NET SDK                      |

> 

Reviewer 2: There are 3 limitations, not captured in this file as per this [issue](https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-dev/issues/264).
Issue 4, 5, 6.
Could we please incorporate that as well.

The Elastic Distribution for the OpenTelemetry Collector has the following limitations:

> - `host.network.*` metrics aren't present from the OpenTelemetry side.

Reviewer: This is not a limitation of our distro but the upstream, lets make it clear.

> - `process.state` isn't present in the OpenTelemetry host metric. It's set to a dummy value of **Unknown** in the **State** column of the host processes table.

Reviewer: @ishleenk17 is this an upstream limitation?

Reviewer 2: The process.state is not present in the Hostmetrics receiver. So, yes its an upstream [limitation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/33731). 
At Elastic, we show the state as Unknown for all processes because of this limitation.

> - The Elasticsearch exporter handles the metadata fields, but **Host OS version** and **Operating system** may show as "N/A" and **Host IP** may show different values.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The Elasticsearch exporter handles the resource attributes, but **Host OS version** and **Operating system** may show as "N/A" and **Host IP** may show different values.
```

`show different values` ... different values to what?

Reviewer 2: We can remove part about host.ip's in this documentation. 
That was our way of recording how Elastic reports Host.ip and how OTEL reports host.ip.
Not relevant to this limitation document

> - The CPU scraper needs to be enabled to collect the `systm.load.cores` metric, which affects the **Normalized Load** column in the **Hosts** table and the **Normalized Load** visualization on the host detailed view.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The CPU scraper needs to be enabled to collect the `systm.load.cores` metric, which affects the **Normalized Load** column in the **Hosts** table and the **Normalized Load** visualization on the host detailed view.
- The [`hostmetrics receiver`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver) doesn't support CPU and Disk metrics on MacOS. These values will stay empty for collectors running on MacOS.
```
